BY UCHE AKOLISA
Nigerian Breweries has extended the deadline for submission of entries
for the recently launched Maltina Teacher of the Year to Friday July
17th 2015.
The Corporate Affairs Adviser of Nigerian Breweries Plc, Kufre Ekanem,
who made the disclosure said that the extension followed a appeals by
secondary school teachers across the country who called for more time
to enable them file their entry for the coveted prize worth over N50
million.
“We have extended deadline for the submission of entries for Maltina
Teacher of the Year because of the overwhelming appeal by teachers
across the country who pleaded for the extension. This initiative is
for teachers, we believe it is just fair for us to take their interest
into consideration. As a company, we always listen and take the voice
of the people into consideration in our decision making process,”
Ekanem said.
He advised that interested candidates who are yet to submit their
entries to take  advantage of the extension to obtain hard copies of
entry forms from designated collection and submission points scattered
all over the country as contained in flyers, posters and other
below-the-line (BTL) advertising materials being circulated across the
country.
According to him, candidates can also download the application forms
from the Maltina website, www.maltina-nigeria.com, complete the
application and upload to the site or return a printed copy of a
completed entry form via the company’s postal address: Nigerian
Breweries, P.M.B. 12632, Marina, Lagos.